Add a tutorial on how to join the DAL as a baker on Weeklynet (#263)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/tutorials/join-dal-baker/prepare-account.md

Once the tez are obtained from the faucet, we can check with the same `get balance` command that they have been received:

```
octez-client --endpoint "$ENDPOINT" get balance for my_baker
```

At this point, the `my_baker` account owns enough stake to bake but has still no consensus nor DAL rights because we haven't declared to the Tezos protocol our intention to become a baker. This can be achieved with the following command:

```
octez-client --endpoint "$ENDPOINT" register key my_baker as delegate
```

Seven cycles later (about 1h40 on Weeklynet), our baker will start receiving rights. To see for instance its consensus attestation rights in the current cycle, we can use the following RPC:

```
octez-client --endpoint "$ENDPOINT" rpc get /chains/main/blocks/head/helpers/attestation_rights\?delegate="$MY_BAKER"
```

> To see its DAL attestation rights, we can use the following RPC:

Reviewer: This implies that  the following command will give only the rights for my baker, when in fact it returns the rights for all bakers.

```suggestion
To see all DAL nodes and the shards that they are assigned to attest, run this command:
```

Author: In 5693330 I went for "To see the DAL attestation rights of all bakers, we can use the following RPC".  The command does not return DAL nodes but the on-chain addresses (public key hashes) of bakers and it does not return shards either (not the content of the shards but only their indices).

```
octez-client --endpoint "$ENDPOINT" rpc get /chains/main/blocks/head/context/dal/shards
```

> This returns an array of DAL attestation rights indicating for each active baker the slice of shard indices it is expected to attest in the head block where a slice is given by a pair consisting of the first index and the length of the slice. So to check if some rights were assigned to us we can look for the address of our baker in the result of this RPC:

Reviewer: Just to split up and simplify this long sentence:
```suggestion
The response from this command is a list of DAL nodes and the shards that they are assigned to attest. Each active baker is assigned a list of shards; the response shows the index of the first shard and the number of shards. So to check if some rights were assigned to us we can filter the list to our baker by running this command:
```

Author: "Each active baker is assigned a list of shards" is false but it was already implied by my formulation.

Author: Simplified in 99b5a5a.
